mg_master_2168184_adding section with procedures for upgrade from 1.4… (#444)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate-on-red-hat-openstack-platform.adoc

////
* file name: proc_updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate-on-red-hat-openstack-platform.adoc
* ID: [id="proc_updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate-on-red-hat-openstack-platform_{context}"]
* Title: = Updating the AMQ Interconnect CA Certificate on Red Hat OpenStack Platform
////

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate-on-red-hat-openstack-platform_{context}"]
= Updating the {MessageBus} CA Certificate on {OpenStack}

> After you upgrade to {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.5, the CA certificate for {MessageBus} regenerates. In {ProjectShort} v1.4 the CA certificate for {MessageBus} is valid for three months and must be updated periodically in {OpenStack} ({OpenStackShort}). In {ProjectShort} v1.5, the generated certificates are valid for the lifetime of the {OpenStackShort} lifecycle, 70080 hours by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you upgrade to {Project} ({ProjectShort}) 1.5, the CA certificate for {MessageBus} regenerates. In {ProjectShort} 1.4, the CA certificate for {MessageBus} is valid for three months and must be updated periodically in {OpenStack} ({OpenStackShort}). In {ProjectShort} 1.5, the generated certificates are valid for the lifetime of the {OpenStackShort} lifecycle, which is 70080 hours by default.
```

Sometimes it's v1.x and sometimes it's 1.x. For consistency, drop the use of v1.x

> After you upgrade to Service Telemetry Framework (STF) v1.5, the CA certificate for AMQ Interconnect regenerates. In STF v1.4 the CA certificate for AMQ Interconnect is valid for three months and must be updated periodically in Red Hat OpenStack Platform (RHOSP). In STF v1.5, the generated certificates are valid for the lifetime of the RHOSP lifecycle, 70080 hours by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you upgrade to Service Telemetry Framework (STF) v1.5, the CA certificate for {MessageBus} regenerates. In STF v1.4 the CA certificate for {MessageBus} is valid for three months and must be updated periodically in {OpenStack} ({OpenStackShort}). In STF v1.5, the generated certificates are valid for 8 years by default.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have successfully installed STF v1.5 and updated the CA certificate for AMQ Interconnect.

.Procedure

> * For more information about how to update the CA certificate in your RHOSP environment, see: link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/service_telemetry_framework_1.5/assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate_assembly#proc-updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate_assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate[Updating the AMQ Interconnect CA certificate]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For more information about how to update the CA certificate in your {OpenStackShort} environment, see: link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/service_telemetry_framework_1.5/assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate_assembly#proc-updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate_assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate[Updating the AMQ Interconnect CA certificate]
```

Reviewer 2: The link also probably shouldn't be explicit like this, but be an internal reference, right?

> * For more information about how to update the CA certificate in your {OpenStackShort} environment, see: link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/service_telemetry_framework_1.5/assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate_assembly#proc-updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate_assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate[Updating the AMQ Interconnect CA certificate]

Reviewer: Rather than a link here, you should have the steps for the procedure. A one-step procedure with a link away from the user story is awkward and not accessible. 
@rheslop what do you think?

Reviewer: We had a look at the contents of the linked module, it's the same module but missing the intro and prereqs here for the upgrade user story.

Reviewer 3: I agree @JoanneOFlynn2018 , if the contents are exactly what are needed here, maybe there's a way to modularly re-use?

Author: I might try to publish this content first and look at that after

Reviewer 4: Alternatively just move all of this out of the procedures, drop the pre-requisites, and add an Additional Information section instead? (or keep prerequisites and just have additional information, but I feel like that style doesn't work either probably if I were to guess :))
